We were really wronged.
Shen Guiying
I was really almost deceived by you.
It's all his fault, bitch
He wants to take my place
Will provoke our feelings in the lake
No, I really don't have a bitch, stop pretending
He wants to take my place
Still trying to frame me
Let's separate mother and daughter
What a vicious heart
My mom was right
If you hadn't been picking shuttles
How could I be wrong?
My mother couldn't be with him.
Come
Shen Guiying has a vicious mind
Not just pretending to be my mother
It also prevented me from meeting my mother
Drag her down and lock her up
I am your mother
He took my place and deceived you.
Don't drag him down
Stop
What is Bucheon doing?
Get out of the way, Sister Hong
If Shen Gongyun leaves, you will regret it for the rest of your life